[WIP] Feature: Improving Signing Data Documentation (#176)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/signing-data.md

## Sign Typed Data v3

> The method `signTypedData_v3` currently represents the latest version of the [EIP-712 spec](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712), making it the most secure method for signing cheap-to-verify data on-chain that we have yet.

Reviewer: Oh is this highlighting that the `_v4` changes have not been merged into the EIP yet?

Author: I think so.

Reviewer: Ok I'll open an issue for that...

This does not mean it is perfect, and does not mean we will not eventually have a `v4`, but we do intend to protect this namespace and keep it compatible going forwards.

We have a [great introductory blog post to this method here](https://medium.com/metamask/eip712-is-coming-what-to-expect-and-how-to-use-it-bb92fd1a7a26).

> Hopefully soon we will also have good examples for paOh rsing method input into structs for verification on-chain (great contribution opportunity!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully soon we will also have good examples for parsing method input into structs for verification on-chain (great contribution opportunity!)
```

## Sign Typed Data v3

The method `signTypedData_v3` currently represents the latest version of the [EIP-712 spec](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712), making it the most secure method for signing cheap-to-verify data on-chain that we have yet.

> This does not mean it is perfect, and does not mean we will not eventually have a `v4`, but we do intend to protect this namespace and keep it compatible going forwards.

Reviewer: I just want to include at least a nod to v4.
```suggestion
This does not mean it is perfect, and we do already have a `v4` in prototype stage (which supports recursive structs and arrays), but we do intend to protect this namespace and keep it compatible going forwards.
```
